Updates to multiqc (#764)
nf-core/raredisease: CHANGELOG.md

- Tests for call_repeat_expansions and qc_bam subworkflows [#713](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/713)
- Feature to subsample mitochondrial alignments based on number of reads [#748](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/748)
- Functionality to generate coverage information using Sambamba depth [#752](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/752)

> - Parameter to pass a samples file to multiqc [#764](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/764)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parameter to pass a file containing new sample ids to use with multiqc [#764](https://github.com/nf-core/raredisease/pull/764)
```
